So we've finished with our repository.
Now it's time for us to look at the new models, we're getting closer to the prize in this case to be
able to use composable and get data from a repository which gets from a Dow, which gets from a sequel
eight, which gets from Entity Table and so forth.
OK.
OK, let's go ahead and open our project, and now we're going to go and create the view model.
Now we know this view model is going to be in our favorites right screen.
And so we are going to go back inside of our favorite package and you can see the reason why we had
set up this way.
We have these.
Packages within packages because it makes life much easier, so now we're going to create a new class
and it's going to be normal class.
This is going to be favorite view Model S..
OK.
And because we are using hilt.
And because we hit using hilt, we're going to say at Helt View Model, there we go.
And of course, remember just like we did repository, we're going to take the repository and inject
into our fuel model and inject.
We want the weather database repository.
And don't forget to make sure that this is actually if you model instance such.
All right.
It's close all these.
And focus on our favorite funeral model.
All right, so we can add a few properties to these favorite view model class.
The first is going to be private Val.
And this is going to be underscore.
Recall this fave list.
So we say and or score because we want to make sure that this or signal that this is actually private.
Variable or field in that case, it won't be used anywhere else but in this class.
OK.
And we're going to make it a type.
Now we know that we were expecting to get slow types.
Now there is, of course, of extinction that call.
It's called mutable state flow because we need to get that state portable in this case, mutable state.
So we're going to see mutable.
State flow like that.
And here we are going to pass.
Of course, requires the types that these miserable state for is going to expect.
And we know it's going to be a list of favorite objects.
All right, there we go.
And of course, here I'm just going to shoot an empty list, say that it's just been empty, at least
in the beginning.
But it's not just a normal list.
It's going to be a mutable state float list if you have over.
Of course, it looks like it doesn't have a lot of information, but it says creates immutable set flow
with the giving initial value, the initial value is going to be an empty list.
OK, now we need to later than hear a creative foul.
This is going to be the fave list which is going to be now an interface that any other application or
any other class can use right away.
You don't have underscore.
So it's going to we're going to say it's equal to.
We're going to get our fav list.
Looks like a finished there.
OK.
So can I use our fav list mutable state there?
I'm going to say that as state float.
OK, you have over.
He's going to say represents this mutable state stateful as with only state flow.
So we are getting the state float that we get from a mutable state float, right?
So we are saying we want to get all that as a state flow.
And once we get that data, we're going to put in this five list property that we can use it anywhere
else.
And this is just for us.
I'm going to create a neat block here.
So for that, I'm going to see if I can use what I have right now, in this case, a repository and
get everything that we have in our list or in this case, in our database.
To do so, I have to look to do so.
I have to put all that in a background.
I have to launch a certain block, a call routine that will deal with all of the parallel, that will
deal with all of the background threads and everything that we need to take care of that needs to be
taken care of.
So we do that by saying view, model, scope like that and invoke the launch block.
And what I can do just to say, OK, we're going to get enough highways per say to run this parallel
sequences of operations.
I can just say dispatchers like that and say, I'll write so-and-so here, I'm going to invoke the repository.
Where did that come from?
Well, we are injecting.
We have injected the repository here, right?
And then I can just go and say, get favorites.
You can see the favorites returns, a flow list of favorites, objects, which is very convenient.
And then I'm going to use this distinct until changed function.
You have over WhatsApp when I say, well, returns flow, where all subsequent repetitions of the same
value are filtered out.
So in this case, no repetition at all.
And then I'm going to say collect block there to collect the information.
In this case, going to be a list, as you can see of favorites.
So I'm going to put that list of faves just for us to have that handle variable there.
And then I'm going to check here if list of phase is null or empty.
That's the case in is it logged?
See, empty, empty faves.
OK, let's put that inside of braces.
Anyhow, the case arose then for now, what are we going to do when I say faithless?
This is what we're going to add, right?
That value.
The list itself and do take our list of favorites that we're getting as we collect all of our favorites
from our database.
And we add that a sign that our faith lists the value, which is this guy there.
All right.
And while we there and say logged and I'm just going to print that out, so I'm going to use actually
now the fave list, this public interface, if you will, that value to get that list, say faves like
this.
All right.
So this is just for us in initially, obviously, initially there will be nothing there, but it's OK.
And there you have it in there, on the bottom here.
This is when I am going to invoke another functions, right?
Because remember, this is a repository I rather, this is the view model, which if you look at our
representation here we have now we have the repository in our view model and the few model, we have
an instance of a repository we injected it, which is really helpful.
Right.
So now what we need to do is we need to create this function fine insert favorite to sort of favorite
it.
We need to pass a favorite object and I'm going to use the view model scope because that's important.
As we saw earlier, we can set off a few model.
So we get access to this view model scope, right, which is take off your model.
And then I'm going to use lunch again.
And in this case, I'm just going to call the repository and say, Insert favorite game pass that favorite
like that.
I can put out a new line so we can see everything there.
So now when we call favorite the view model, essentially that say insert favorite would pass the favorite,
you will know how to launch this code block here called the.
Insert favorite and pass that favorite object.
OK.
The fun part begins, and I'm going to just put an update here, even though we're not going to use
her favorite, going to pass a favorite object.
And few model scope launch.
It's called the repository.
Update favorite pasta, favorite object.
And we're done.
OK, I'm going to do one more can continue to do other ones as well, of course, but we're going to
do the ones we actually are going to use.
Remove favorite.
In fact, let's call this delete favorite just to have the same names.
Pasta favorite view model scope got lunch repository.
Delete favorite pie.
So favorite and we're done.
If you go to our repository, of course, you will see that we have others, but I'm just going to added
the ones that we need.
I'm not going to use to get favor by ID and so forth.
But for completions, if you want, you can also have all of those reflected here.
That's totally fine.
But I'll just stop here.
OK, I'm just put that in one line since you know exactly what's happening right now.
All right.
So we are good, that means now we move up a level.
We go here, which is going to be our composable because now in sort of life data and what is right,
we don't need to use data.
We are actually using the immutable state flow, just the flow rate.
And this, of course, when we call, you know, composable D5 list will have the flow of our data coming
from their base and a list of favorites, and we'll know exactly how to deal with that.
Or rather, the composable will know how to deal with that because it's the correct type that we need.
You will have that state that's needed for a composable to know how to prove, to know how to compose
itself and show the data.